hi hi I think I got that wrong how are
you
okay this this job was about midsummer
was that was I can't become quite
because if I sleep in the house
this is midsummer will you start her a
big push for the getting the beat for
the winter and this job here was right
off the paved road there's a power line
right where Daniels standing so we're
pushing these streets off the power line
and getting set up
that's Park here in the yard we're
getting set up to put the knuckle boom
in and we've been back working on
equipment at the shop why dad mom
and junkie are getting started on this
job so me and Daniel we brought them in
this is the evening afternoon there so
we're gonna try get this yard set of
getting out the boom and you can park
pushed around and set up ready for a
ring and then you throw it and that this
the skidder man's Big Daddy he's the
boss man and the owner is so operation
and he's pushing my three spoons
I don't care who you are that's badass
and I know it'll be some Denver cutters
on here gets on here goes what you've
done bastards what are you doing
covering all your trees up once you top
them and but well I got the got Big
Daddy tied up got Daniel tied up stuck
out on the road with the nappa Boone and
I just soon get them all pushed down
then I'll just scroll through them and
top them it ain't that big a deal
yeah I almost forgot about this on this
job it see we had ain't we had got
plenty of rain early this summer and
this ground and see the power line under
this ground is a real wet soggy style
ground and hello it's starting to
stiffen up for the summer you know but
it ain't saying much in this ground and
that's why we're barking it like we are
and everything and but you drop a tire
off the road with anything and it's it's
going outside the Skinner don't make it
look bad because they ain't carrying
nothing but it's why I'm Del's it yeah
watch for soft shoulders and like
that
now it's last one this swamp I know
carry it's leaning pretty damn good
towards the fire line so it was only one
that's really you know just had to be
pushing the skidder pretty good well we
weren't big gone and he could did
go get him Big John look at that ooh boy
that's about four times three tiger cat
pushover no I like that old scare that's
a good old skidder at the we we've had
we've been all through it
there ain't a better bushing probably
been redone on once or twice I thank the
main boom pensive bushes lead redone
this winter I might do video on that
four winters over but that's one we
rebuilt the swing break on and stuff I
made that video on but that was the last
kid or my uncle Greg ran but he was
running that Skinner when he got cancer
so that kind of means a lot time that's
good it is
hello's having up for cameraman Dan well
I tell you what he is something else we
have found something he's damn good at
he's up he needs to narrate more though
huh I'd like to hear what he's got to
say call it big Dan the cameraman
and it ain't that big a deal but when
you go to stacking trees on top each
other top and during watch you kind of
don't wanna be it freshy called things
can grow or pop around and start
stacking up like at get your little
movie stuff getting something getting
its flat ground I mean what the hill
playground they go in the last thing I'd
like to add you always make sure where
chainsaw resistant sunscreen it's a it's
all about safety around here safety
first safety first
and there ladies and gentlemen is what
it's like to follow your favorite longer
into a cut down 3d why well I was lucky
what it's like to follow their favorite
logger down in to cut down three so you
know that's all I had on that I should
have got like you know putting a boom in
Larry come with a load of Park I should
have got that - nothing bark with the
walking floor
he had a good job at telling stories
attention pie lots of people role but
thanks everybody for watching hit likes
favorites whatever yada yada
thank you guys like